Add git squash merge command (#211)
arshadkazmi42/ak-cli: commands/git/git-squash-merge-branch.md

### Squash Merge a branch to the master

Merge branch to the master by combining all commits of the branch and merging as a single commit

`git merge --squash {{BRANCH}}`

- <b>BRANCH: </b> Branch which needs to be squash merged to the master

#### Example:

`git merge --squash feature-add-dashboard`

> This will merge the branch 'feature-add-dashboard' to the master, and will squash all branch commits into a single commit in master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will merge the branch `feature-add-dashboard` to the master, and will squash all branch commits into a single commit in master
```

Author: Fixed @arshadkazmi42
